This kid dares to talk about himself
You can call Lord Longying over in three minutes
overreach
Lord Long Ying, as Lord Long Shuai's favorite general
It's Commander Haicheng
It's hard to even think about it
OK, I'll give you three minutes
In three minutes, Lord Longying will be reluctant to hit me
I will rectify you on the spot
Ok, no problem.
Luo Yi, I order you within three minutes
Lead the North Guard to see me
If you are late
Military handmade
Hahahaha
You have to install it at this time
Be careful your mage can't
I timed it out.
Three minutes later
If the adults don't arrive, they will correct the Fa on the spot.
Lord God, just wait
Hey, then say I said it's not good for you
Come out and deal with it militarily
Time comes man
Arrest and correct the Fa on the spot
Brother Shushan
My son is breaking the law and I die every day, okay?
Go away, old lady
Aunt mom
Your uncle doesn't want it.